Add GQL statuses to GENERIC (#2)
renetapopova/docs-status-codes: modules/ROOT/pages/notifications/all-notifications.adoc

m|Neo.ClientNotification.Statement.SubqueryVariableShadowing
|Title
a|Variable in subquery is shadowing a variable with the same name from the outer scope.
|Description
|Variable in subquery is shadowing a variable with the same name from the outer scope.

> If you want to use that variable instead, it must be imported into the subquery using importing WITH clause. (the shadowing variable is: v)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use that variable instead, it must be imported into the subquery using importing WITH clause. (%s)
```

Author: or it has to be ($msg) instead of (%s)? Because `%s` just means string value of any type

Reviewer: This is the old description, and they all are marked with just `(%s)`.

Author: so we just reflect the code without explaining it? I mean, in this case `%s` means message (I guess) which depends on a situation.
In the code, `%s` means 'put a string here'

Reviewer: I don't know if they always show the same message. Sometimes (%s) = (the shadowing variable is: v), other times (Relationship `r` was repeated), and so on. I guess it means that it is a message, but I don't see such a parameter (%msg) in the code like for the new GQL codes.

Author: probably, we're looking in a wrong place. Old descriptions are done differently from the new GQL statuses. I found this PR https://github.com/neo-technology/neo4j/pull/20016/commits/b86461bcebc690329e6bcfaa0232f0ba6eb33490. Maybe it can be helpful. Let's use `%s`, but I think it's a little bit weird to see this piece of the code in the docs

Author: I think we can ask Linnea to review your PR

Reviewer: Someone should review it for sure.

|Category
m|GENERIC
|GQLSTATUS code
m|03N60
|StatusDescription
a|info: subquery variable shadowing.

> The variable `v` in the subquery uses the same name as a variable from the outer query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The variable `$var` in the subquery uses the same name as a variable from the outer query.
```

> Use `WITH v` in the subquery to import the one from the outer scope unless you want it to be a new variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Use `WITH $var` in the subquery to import the one from the outer scope unless you want it to be a new variable.
```

======
[.include-with-GQLSTATUS-code]
======
Query::
+
[source,cypher]
----
MATCH (n)
CALL {
  MATCH (n)--(m)
  RETURN m
}
RETURN *
----

Returned GQLSTATUS code::
03N60

> Returned Status Description::

Author: ```suggestion
Returned StatusDescription::
```

m|Neo.ClientNotification.Statement.ParameterNotProvided
|Title
a|The statement refers to a parameter that was not provided in the request.
|Description
|Did not supply query with enough parameters.

> The produced query plan will not be cached and is not executable without EXPLAIN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The produced query plan will not be cached and is not executable without EXPLAIN. (%s)
```

> (Missing parameters: param1, param2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

|Category
m|GENERIC
|GQLSTATUS code
m|01N60
|StatusDescription
a|warn: parameter missing.

> The query plan cannot be cached and is not executable without `EXPLAIN` due to the undefined parameter(s) `$param1, $param2`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The query plan cannot be cached and is not executable without `EXPLAIN` due to the undefined parameter(s) `$param_list`.
```

======
[.include-with-GQLSTATUS-code]
======
Query::
+
[source,cypher]
----
EXPLAIN WITH $param as param
RETURN param
----

Returned GQLSTATUS code::
01N60

> Returned Status Description::

Author: ```suggestion
Returned StatusDescription::
```

Reviewer: Hmm, I am not sure if we want to change it to StatusDescription, maybe it should be status description 😄?

Author: I don't know, I tried to be in line with your original PR

m|Neo.ClientNotification.Procedure.ProcedureWarning
|Title
a|The query used a procedure that generated a warning.
|Description

> |The query used a procedure that generated a warning. (warning from procedure my.proc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|The query used a procedure that generated a warning. (%s)
```

|Category
m|GENERIC
|GQLSTATUS code
m|01N62
|StatusDescription
a|warn: procedure execution warning.

> The procedure `my.proc` generates the warning `warning from procedure`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The procedure `$proc` generates the warning `$msg`.
```

m|Neo.ClientNotification.Statement.UnsatisfiableRelationshipTypeExpression
|Title
a|The query contains a relationship type expression that cannot be satisfied.
|Description

> |Relationship type expression cannot possibly be satisfied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Relationship type expression cannot possibly be satisfied. (%s)
```

> (`!%` can never be satisfied by any relationship. Relationships must have exactly one relationship type.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

|Category
m|GENERIC
|GQLSTATUS code
m|01N61
|StatusDescription
a|warn: unsatisfiable relationship type expression.

> The expression `!%` cannot be satisfied because relationships must have exactly one type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The expression `$label_expr` cannot be satisfied because relationships must have exactly one type.
```

----
Description of the returned code::
Relationship type expression cannot possibly be satisfied. (`R1&R2` can never be fulfilled by any relationship. Relationships must have exactly one type.)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

======
[.include-with-GQLSTATUS-code]
======
Query::
+
[source,cypher]
----
MATCH ()-[r:R1&R2]->() RETURN r
----

Returned GQLSTATUS code::
01N61

> Returned Status Description::

Author: ```suggestion
Returned StatusDescription::
```

m|Neo.ClientNotification.Statement.RepeatedRelationshipReference
|Title
a|The query returns no results because a relationship variable is bound more than once.
|Description
a|

> - A relationship is referenced more than once in the query, which leads to no results because relationships must not occur more than once in each result. (Relationship `r` was repeated)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A relationship is referenced more than once in the query, which leads to no results because relationships must not occur more than once in each result. (%s)
```

> - A variable-length relationship variable is bound more than once, which leads to no results because relationships must not occur more than once in each result. (Relationship `r` was repeated)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A variable-length relationship variable is bound more than once, which leads to no results because relationships must not occur more than once in each result. (%s)
```

|Category
m|GENERIC
|GQLSTATUS code
m|01N63
|StatusDescription
a|

> - warn: repeated relationship reference. `r` is repeated in `()-[r]->()<-[r]-()`, which leads to no results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
warn: repeated relationship reference. `$var` is repeated in `$pat`, which leads to no results.
```

> - warn: repeated relationship reference. `r` is repeated in `()-[r*]->()-[r*]->()`, which leads to no results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

======
[.include-with-GQLSTATUS-code]
======
Query::
+
[source,cypher]
----
MATCH (:A)-[r]->(), ()-[r]->(:B) RETURN r
----

Returned GQLSTATUS code::
01N63

> Returned Status Description::

Author: ```suggestion
Returned StatusDescription::
```

warn: repeated relationship reference. 

> `r` is repeated in `(:A)-[r]->()-[r]->(:B)`, which leads to no results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`r` is repeated in `(:A)-[r]->(), ()-[r]->(:B)`, which leads to no results.
```

MATCH ()-[r*]->()<-[r*]-() RETURN count(*) AS count
----
Description of the returned code::
A variable-length relationship variable is bound more than once, which leads to no results because relationships must not occur more than once in each result. (Relationship `r` was repeated)

======
[.include-with-GQLSTATUS-code]
======
Query::
+
[source,cypher]
----
MATCH ()-[r*]->()<-[r*]-() RETURN count(*) AS count
----

Returned GQLSTATUS code::
01N63

> Returned Status Description::

Author: ```suggestion
Returned StatusDescription::
```
